chore: update management canister contribution guidelines (#5223)
dfinity/ic: rs/execution_environment/Contributing.md

4. Motoko needs to be updated: [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko). Inform *@eng-motoko* of the work required.
5. Add any new types or update existing ones in `types/management_canister_types`.

> 6. Implement the new API in `execution_environment` crate. Main parts that need to be updated: the core implementation in the `canister_manager` module as well as wiring up the new API in `ExecutionEnvironment` so that it is accessible from the outside.

Reviewer: Explicitly use 2 sub-points
```
Implement the new API in `execution_environment` crate. Main parts that need to be updated are:
- the core logic in the `canister_manager` module
- the API wiring in `ExecutionEnvironment` to expose it externally
```

> Except for endpoints that have dedicated logic for dealing with rollback after failures (e.g., the `install_code`/`install_chunked_code` endpoints), there should always be a clear point during execution of every other endpoint so that

Reviewer 2: I would like to reformulate this part as it's a bit hard to understand at first.  

 Would you agree to this? 
 ```suggestion
Note: Some management methods, such as install_code and install_chunked_code, include dedicated logic to handle rollback after failures. However, for the majority of methods, there should be a clearly defined point during execution at which changes become permanent and rollback is no longer possible. Specifically:
```

  - no changes are performed before that point (only `&self` access to `CanisterManager`);
  - no failure can happen after that point (the execution is guaranteed to succeed and return a reply).

> 7. Tests: add any required tests to cover the new or updated functionality. Typically, these tests can be written using the `ExecutionTest` framework. In some cases, you might need to use the `StateMachine` framework, e.g., if you would need to test things like inter-canister calls or special features like HTTPS outcalls or threshold signatures that require (mocked) outputs of the Consensus layer to be injected in the test or checkpointing that requires a state manager provided by the `StateMachine` framework.

Reviewer: add explicit points for when to use `ExecutionTest` and `StateMachine` frameworks:

```
Write tests to cover the new or updated functionality:
- Use the `ExecutionTest` framework for standard testing
- Use the `StateMachine` framework if the feature involves inter-canister calls, HTTPS outcalls, threshold signatures, or checkpointing. These require mocked Consensus layer outputs or a full state manager.
```
